INSTALL.md, before:

## Prerequisites
This application requires [Postgres](http://www.postgresql.org/) to be installed.
We also recommend using a ruby version manager such as [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv).

## Installation

    git clone git://github.com/sfbrigade/adopt-a-drain.git
    cd adopt-a-drain
    bundle install

    bundle exec rake db:create
    bundle exec rake db:schema:load

See the [wiki](https://github.com/sfbrigade/adopt-a-drain/wiki/Windows-Development-Environment) for a guide on how to install this application on Windows.

At this point you should be good to start jamming on issues [here](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/adopt-a-drain/issues).

## Docker

To setup a local development environment with
[Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

```
# Override database settings as the docker host:
echo DB_HOST=db > .env
echo DB_USER=postgres >> .env

# Setup your docker based postgres database:
docker-compose run --rm web bundle exec rake db:setup

# Load data:
docker-compose run --rm web bundle exec rake data:load_things
# OR: don't load all that data, and load the seed data:
# docker-compose run --rm web bundle exec rake db:seed

# Start the web server:
docker-compose up

# Visit your website http://localhost:3000 (or the IP of your docker-machine)
```

## Usage
    rails server

## Seed Data
    bundle exec rake data:load_drains

## Deploying to Heroku
A successful deployment to Heroku requires a few setup steps:

1. Generate a new secret token:

    ```
    rake secret
    ```

2. Set the token on Heroku:

    ```
    heroku config:set SECRET_TOKEN=the_token_you_generated
    ```

3. [Precompile your assets](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/rails3x-asset-pipeline-cedar)

    ```
    RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake assets:precompile

    git add public/assets

    git commit -m "vendor compiled assets"
    ```

4. Add a production database to config/database.yml

5. Seed the production db:

    `heroku run bundle exec rake db:seed`

Keep in mind that the Heroku free Postgres plan only allows up to 10,000 rows,
so if your city has more than 10,000 fire drains (or other thing to be
adopted), you will need to upgrade to the $9/month plan.

### Google Analytics
If you have a Google Analytics account you want to use to track visits to your
deployment of this app, just set your ID and your domain name as environment
variables:

    heroku config:set GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID=your_id
    heroku config:set GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_DOMAIN=your_domain_name

An example ID is `UA-12345678-9`, and an example domain is `adoptadrain.org`.




## Submitting a Pull Request
1. [Fork the repository.][fork]
2. [Create a topic branch.][branch]
3. Add specs for your unimplemented feature or bug fix.
4. Run `bundle exec rake test`. If your specs pass, return to step 3.
5. Implement your feature or bug fix.
6. Run `bundle exec rake test`. If your specs fail, return to step 5.
7. Run `open coverage/index.html`. If your changes are not completely covered
   by your tests, return to step 3.
8. Add, commit, and push your changes.
9. [Submit a pull request.][pr]

[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/

## Supported Ruby Version
This library aims to support and is [tested against][travis] Ruby version 2.2.2.

If something doesn't work on this version, it should be considered a bug.

This library may inadvertently work (or seem to work) on other Ruby
implementations, however support will only be provided for the version above.

If you would like this library to support another Ruby version, you may
volunteer to be a maintainer. Being a maintainer entails making sure all tests
run and pass on that implementation. When something breaks on your
implementation, you will be personally responsible for providing patches in a
timely fashion. If critical issues for a particular implementation exist at the
time of a major release, support for that Ruby version may be dropped.

Commit message:

add Docker instruction about google map api key configuration

INSTALL.md, after:

## Prerequisites
This application requires [Postgres](http://www.postgresql.org/) to be installed.
We also recommend using a ruby version manager such as [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv).

## Installation

    git clone git://github.com/sfbrigade/adopt-a-drain.git
    cd adopt-a-drain
    bundle install

    bundle exec rake db:create
    bundle exec rake db:schema:load

See the [wiki](https://github.com/sfbrigade/adopt-a-drain/wiki/Windows-Development-Environment) for a guide on how to install this application on Windows.

At this point you should be good to start jamming on issues [here](https://github.com/citizenlabsgr/adopt-a-drain/issues).

## Docker

To setup a local development environment with
[Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/).

```
# Override database settings as the docker host:
echo DB_HOST=db > .env
echo DB_USER=postgres >> .env

# Enable google maps with your developer google map api key 
echo GOOGLE_MAPS_JAVASCRIPT_API_KEY=<get-google-map-api-key> >> .env

# Setup your docker based postgres database:
docker-compose run --rm web bundle exec rake db:setup

# Load data:
docker-compose run --rm web bundle exec rake data:load_things
# OR: don't load all that data, and load the seed data:
# docker-compose run --rm web bundle exec rake db:seed

# Start the web server:
docker-compose up

# Visit your website http://localhost:3000 (or the IP of your docker-machine)
```

## Usage
    rails server

## Seed Data
    bundle exec rake data:load_drains

## Deploying to Heroku
A successful deployment to Heroku requires a few setup steps:

1. Generate a new secret token:

    ```
    rake secret
    ```

2. Set the token on Heroku:

    ```
    heroku config:set SECRET_TOKEN=the_token_you_generated
    ```

3. [Precompile your assets](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/rails3x-asset-pipeline-cedar)

    ```
    RAILS_ENV=production bundle exec rake assets:precompile

    git add public/assets

    git commit -m "vendor compiled assets"
    ```

4. Add a production database to config/database.yml

5. Seed the production db:

    `heroku run bundle exec rake db:seed`

Keep in mind that the Heroku free Postgres plan only allows up to 10,000 rows,
so if your city has more than 10,000 fire drains (or other thing to be
adopted), you will need to upgrade to the $9/month plan.

### Google Analytics
If you have a Google Analytics account you want to use to track visits to your
deployment of this app, just set your ID and your domain name as environment
variables:

    heroku config:set GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_ID=your_id
    heroku config:set GOOGLE_ANALYTICS_DOMAIN=your_domain_name

An example ID is `UA-12345678-9`, and an example domain is `adoptadrain.org`.




## Submitting a Pull Request
1. [Fork the repository.][fork]
2. [Create a topic branch.][branch]
3. Add specs for your unimplemented feature or bug fix.
4. Run `bundle exec rake test`. If your specs pass, return to step 3.
5. Implement your feature or bug fix.
6. Run `bundle exec rake test`. If your specs fail, return to step 5.
7. Run `open coverage/index.html`. If your changes are not completely covered
   by your tests, return to step 3.
8. Add, commit, and push your changes.
9. [Submit a pull request.][pr]

[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/

## Supported Ruby Version
This library aims to support and is [tested against][travis] Ruby version 2.3.3
and Postgres 9.6.

If something doesn't work on this version, it should be considered a bug.

This library may inadvertently work (or seem to work) on other Ruby
implementations, however support will only be provided for the version above.

If you would like this library to support another Ruby version, you may
volunteer to be a maintainer. Being a maintainer entails making sure all tests
run and pass on that implementation. When something breaks on your
implementation, you will be personally responsible for providing patches in a
timely fashion. If critical issues for a particular implementation exist at the
time of a major release, support for that Ruby version may be dropped.
